CineExplorer - Installation Guide

1. REQUIREMENTS
   - Node.js (version 16 or higher)
   - npm (normally included with Node.js)

2. INSTALLATION STEP-BY-STEP

   a) Unzip the project folder or clone the repository.
   
   b) Open a terminal (Command Prompt, PowerShell, or Terminal) in the project folder.
   
   c) Install dependencies by running:
      npm install

   d) Start the development server:
      npm run dev

   e) The terminal will show a local address, typically:
      http://localhost:5173

3. INITIAL CONFIGURATION (IMPORTANT!)

   CineExplorer requires a valid TMDB API Key to function. You can configure this directly in the app.

   a) Open the application in your browser.
   b) Click on the "Settings" icon (gear) in the top right of the Header.
   c) Enter your TMDB keys:
      - API Key (v3)
      - Bearer Token (v4)
   d) (Optional) Select your Region and Language preferences.
   e) Click "Save Settings".

   Note: You can obtain these keys for free by registering at https://www.themoviedb.org/

4. ACCESS FROM OTHER DEVICES
   
   To use the app on your smartphone or tablet connected to the same Wi-Fi network:
   a) Go to the Settings page in the app on your PC.
   b) Look for the "Network & Connectivity" section.
   c) You will see a "Local Interface Address" (e.g., 192.168.1.X).
   d) Type that IP address followed by :5173 into your phone's browser (e.g., http://192.168.1.5:5173).

5. TROUBLESHOOTING
   - If you see "Connection Error", check that your API keys are correct in the Settings.
   - If images don't load, check your internet connection (TMDB requires online access).
   - If you cannot access from a mobile device, check your PC's firewall settings to allow connections on port 5173.

6. DEPLOYMENT TO PRODUCTION (cPanel / Static Hosting)

   To take your site online (e.g. on cPanel, Netlify, Vercel, or any shared hosting):

   a) Build the project for production:
      Open your terminal and run:
      npm run build
      
      This will create a 'dist' folder in your project directory containing optimized HTML, CSS, and JS files.

   b) Upload to your server (cPanel example):
      1. Go to File Manager in cPanel.
      2. Navigate to 'public_html' (or your subdomain folder).
      3. Upload ONLY the CONTENTS of the 'dist' folder (index.html, assets folder, .htaccess, etc.).
      4. DO NOT upload the 'node_modules' folder or the 'src' folder.

   Note: A .htaccess file is automatically generated in the build to ensure the app works correctly even when refreshing subpages (e.g., /movie/123). Please ensure your file manager shows hidden files (starting with dot) so you don't miss uploading it.
